Add a php function example (#17)
scaleway/serverless-examples: functions/respository-badge-php/README.md

# Repository Badge Php example

This example demonstrate how PHP functions works using a dependency from composer.  
With this example, you can generate a simple badge width the text, status and color of your choice, just like this
one: ![PHP Example: OK](https://repositorybadgephpohmogwjd-repository-badge.functions.fnc.fr-par.scw.cloud/?text=PHP%20Example&status=OK&color=purple)

## Requirements

This example assumes you are familiar with how serverless functions work. If needed, you can
check [Scaleway official documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/functions/quickstart/)

This example uses the Scaleway Serverless Framework Plugin. Please set up your environment with the requirements stated
in the [Scaleway Serverless Framework Plugin](https://github.com/scaleway/serverless-scaleway-functions) before trying
out the example.

## In this example

> This example how to create a basic php function with dependencies provided in a composer.json file.

Reviewer: this example **is about** or **shows**

The function generate a svg image using Twig based on user input.

## Setup

Once your environment is set up, you can run:

```console
npm install

serverless deploy
```

## Running

Then, from the given URL, you can run open your browser and navigate to it.
You should see the default

> example: ![Scaleway: approved](https://repositorybadgephpohmogwjd-repository-badge.functions.fnc.fr-par.scw.cloud/)

Reviewer 2: Out-of-scope, but we need to have a standard procedure on where to deploy a function if it's needed for example.

> You can tweak the following qury parameter to make this badge your own:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can tweak the following query parameters to make this badge your own:
```
